Update local-testing-event-grid.md (#118087)
Azure/azure-content: articles/communication-services/how-tos/event-grid/local-testing-event-grid.md

- Install [Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/).
- Have a running Azure Function that can be triggered by Event Grid. If you don't have one, you can follow the [quickstart](../../../azure-functions/functions-bindings-event-grid-trigger.md?tabs=in-process%2Cextensionv3&pivots=programming-language-javascript) to create one.

> The Azure Function can be running either in Azure if you want to test it with some test events or if you want to test the entire flow locally (press `F5` in Visual Studio Code to run it locally). If you want to test the entire flow with externally triggered webhook, you need to use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to expose your locally running Azure Function
> to public allowing it being triggered by internet sources (as example from Azure Event WebHooks). Configure ngrok by running the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure Function can be running either in Azure if you want to test it with some test events or if you want to test the entire flow locally (press `F5` in Visual Studio Code to run it locally). If you want to test the entire flow with an externally triggered webhook, you need to use [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to expose your locally running Azure Function
to the public, allowing it to be triggered by internet sources (as an example from Azure Event WebHooks). Configure ngrok by running the command:
```

```bash

ngrok http 7071

```

> It is worth to remember that exposing development resources publicly may not be considered as secure. That is why you can also run entire workflow locally without ngrok by invoking requests to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth remembering that exposing development resources publicly might not be considered as secure. That is why you can also run the entire workflow locally without ngrok by invoking requests to:
```
